= KQ Renaissance Characters
:author:Beoran


== Player characters

=== Sensar

Sensar is a 19 year old blond man with green eyes and a square, muscular face.

Sensar's strong point is his brawn rather than his brains. From his early
teenage years on he had no more family and grew up living alone in a small
house. Unfortunately this meant that while he can read, he did not get much
in the way of an education. And while he is quite friendly when you rub him the
right way, he is also rather unrefined and impatient. When provoked he shows
his worst side, and has great difficulty in managing his anger and rage.

Sensar likes to wear red clothes since he thinks such an energetic color is
"cool".

Because of his physical strength, the people who know him like him as an
unskilled worker or as a monster hunter. But they wouldn't want to ask him for
any intellectual job more complicated than multiplying two numbers! No one
in his village is able to beat him in a fist fight though, so he does have the
feeling that he's the best fighter around, if not in all of Anistal. He tends
to be a bit cocky, but at the same time he lacks knowledge of the world.

Since he isn't very wealthy, he loves the idea of fame and fortune, but tends
to spend any money he gets unwisely. For example, he has 2 chimneys and 6 beds
because he want to have a big family later, but the house is way too small
for such a family, never mind that he doesn't even have a girlfriend!

==== Motivation

Sensar's main motivation is fame and fortune, however, in his current state, 
those may be worse for him than he suspects!

==== Growth

During the story Sensar can learn that the world is a big place indeed,
that there are many things to learn, that it's great to be strong, but strength
needs wisdom to be applied properly, and to manage his anger. Or not.

==== Primary Ability

. Rage
Rage this gives Sensar a damage/hit% boost, but it makes him uncontrollable
for the rest of the battle. He will keep on attacking his enemies until they
are defeated, or until he is knocked out or 7 turns pass. Rage can be used only
once per battle.

==== Secondary Ability 

. Beef Cake
Sensar is skillful with unarmed combat and does level% extra damage when
wielding no weapons. Sensar is one healthy man, so he resists poison and
paralysis 50% + level/4.

=== Casandra

Casandra is old huntress of about 24 years old. She has long brown hair,
brown eyes, and and a rather sharp looking face.

Casandra was adopted by a family of hunters when she was only 3 or 4 years
old. Her original family seems to have been killed in the war 20 years ago.
Since the war, many more monsters are on a rampage, so business has been
steady, but the job is not without dangers.

Casandra likes to wear green clothes to be better camouflaged when hunting
in the forest.

Nella is Casandra's older adoptive sister. Of the two sisters, Nella is the
one who has the most physical prowess, while Casandra hunts her prey using
magic. Casandra has been fascinated by magic, especially fire magic,
since she was a child. She turned out to be a natural talent, and by the time
she was 12, she was scorching monsters here and there.

Physically she is not so strong because she is hampered by her bad lungs which
have suffered smoke damage when she was a child, most likely during the war.
Sometimes, especially in smoke filled or dusty environments she will burst out
in coughs. If Casandra finds anyone smoking near her, her normal reaction is to
cast a spell to set the pipe alight so it burn it up immediately, to the dismay
of the smoker.

Casandra and Nella have worked for officials and mayors from several cities
and villages. But normally those officials request that they work under a non
disclosure agreement. The officials like to take credit for themselves for
getting rid of the monsters but in reality they pay hunters to do the dirty
jobs.

Because of her natural talent with magic, but also because of the lack of
recognition for her and her family, Casandra has grown up slightly arrogant,
stuck up, hung up on details, and unpleasant to others. Nevertheless, when you
get on her good side, she will show that she is a clever person without bad
intentions, who wants to enjoy life. A person who is in essence exasperated at
the idiocy of some of her fellow humans, but not above admitting that she is not
perfect herself. A person who expects more from others, but who is also always
looking to better herself.

==== Motivation

Casandra's motivation is to get the staff for herself, use it to enhance 
her own magic power and maybe become queen of the hill in a small village 
here or there. Surely she'd make a better mayor than the idiots she's had 
to work for?

==== Growth

During the story, Casandra can find out more about her history. All in all
this makes her realize that perfectionism isn't always a virtue. She can learn
to be more forgiving of others and of herself. Or not.

==== Primary Ability

. Boost
This ability increases Casandra's Aura and Spirit by 50% to cast a spell
however, the spells costs 150% the normal MP amount. Not all spells benefit
from boosted Aura/Spirit. Boost can be used once per battle and lasts until
Casandra is knocked out or for 7 turns.

==== Secondary Ability

. Tough Witch
Casandra is skillful with Fire and non-elemental magic. She does 
leve% extra damage with them. Casandra's skills with magic also grant her 
50% + level/4 resistance to paralysis and sleep.

=== Ayla

Ayla is a young lady of about 20 years old. She has short black hair with
intense blue eyes and an attractive face.

Though Ayla is well-to-do, she is a thief for the thrill of stealing.
She's a fun loving girl, a bit tomboyish, with quick fingers and a charming
personality. Normally she hides her activities as a thief by doubling as
an entertainer or a prestidigitator.

Ayla likes to wear simple dark blue clothes that don't make her stand out,
but that do emphasize her femininity.

Ayla doesn't get found out stealing very often, but likes to hop from town
to town since she gets bored soon. She has a sharp attention to her
surroundings. However, on her bad side, you'll see that sometimes she can be a
bit superficial and impatient. She tends to avoid any serious problems that
come her way.

==== Motivation

Ayla wants to find the staff, get money for it from Nostik, 
steal it back from him, and then sell it for some more cold, hard cash. 
And maybe steal it again. As long as she has fun with the ride.

==== Growth

During her adventure Ayla can find out that there's more to fun and games in 
life, and that it's sometimes advisable to respect other people's properties.
She can learn how to deal with her problems head-on, in stead of avoiding them. 
Or not.

==== Primary Ability

. Steal
Ayla can steal items from her enemies... as long as there is something to 
steal. Steal can be used repeatedly.

==== Secondary ability 

. Sneaky Lass
Casandra is skillful with daggers and short swords and does level% extra damage
with them. If alone, Ayla can only be surprised by the enemy roughly 1% of the
time, and she has a 33% chance to surprise them. If with a partner, the heroes
are only surprised 5% of the time, and have a 20% chance of surprising
the enemies. The normal rates are 10% for both being surprised and causing
surprise.

=== Temmin

Temmin is a young man of about 27 years old. He has short black hair and
brown eyes.

Temmin is a knight in service of his master, Semmin XIV, the King of Sunarin.
The life in Sunarin is not kind to those who prefer justice, the King 
and his knights keep a low profile to preserve the stalemate status quo 
with the Ember Guild.

Temmin likes to wear a simple silver colored knight's armor.

Temmin is a professional knight and warrior and tends to be on the serious side.
He is loyal to his  master, but when he fights in a team, he is always looking 
out for his comrades. His upbringing in Sunarin has made him a bit doubtful
of other people's intentions. He worries that no one remembers what justice 
and honor are about and can be a bit jugdemental. If you catch him in a good
moment you'll see he does have a good sense of humor and likes to laugh and
joke once in a while.

==== Motivation 

Temmin wants to fulfill his mission to his king. He will make sure that the 
staff is safe to give to Nostik, and that Nostik is not going to use the staff 
for a bad reason. 

==== Growth

Through his travels, Temmin discoveres that not all of Anistal is like Sunarin.
Yes, there is injustice everywhere, but there are also many people fighting for
justice. Temmin learns that he should not be too judgemental. He learns
to lighten up an trust other people. Or not.


==== Primary Ability

. Cover
When Temmin activates Cover, he will protect any of his comrades who are in
danger. when Cover is active, Tenmin will take any blow that would knock out
one of his comrades, even if it knock out himself. Furthermore, Cover reduces
damage done to Temmin to 75% of normal damage. Cover can be used once every battle. Covers stays active until Temmin is knocked out or until 7 turns pass.

== Secondary Ability

. Honor Freak
Temmin is skilfull with a sword and does level% extra damage with one.
Temmin suffers no spirit penalties for any equipment that he uses.

=== Noslom

Noslom is a man of about 40 years old. He has half-long brown hair and green
eyes.

He is a sage with great knowledge of history and magic. But he is also
skilled in combat. He is always investigating legends of the past and stories 
about powerful artifacts of those days, such as the Staff of Xenarum.

About 20 years ago, when he was only a fledgling sage, he traveled the war-torn
lands with his master Barl. One day, Barl and he encountered Binderak on the run
from Malkaron. Barl recognised the staff Binderak had stolen, and demanded
that he yield it. Binderak refused, and tried to use the Staff of Xenarum,
but the Staff went haywire and a gang of uncontrollable monsters appeared.
Binderak ran for it and Barl held the monsters at bay allowing Noslom to
escape.

Noslom regrets losing his old master and has been looking for him ever since.
although everyone says that Barl is dead, Noslom believes Barl is still alive
since no trace of him was found.

Noslom has a gentle disposition but his experiences in the war and in his
many years searching for Barl have made him rather jaded. He is aware of this
and during his better days, he tries to be more cheerful and upbeat. 

He likes to wear yellow robes, since he feel they are more cheerful
and help him feel less gloomy.

==== Motivation

To find out if the staff is the same staff as the one of 20 years ago,
and hopefully find out about the whereabouts of Barl.

==== Goal

During his travel Noslom will be able to enounter a group of enthusiastic
young people who can become his comrades and perhaps friends. From them
he can learn to regain his former energy and joy in life. He can learn that
not all is gloom and doom and gradually return to his former cheerful self 
from before the war. Or not.


==== Primary Ability 

. Sense
Noslom can view some attributes of the enemies that he 
is fighting. He can see hp, mp and elemental resistance using this ability.
Sense can be used repeatedly.

=== Secondary Ability

. Wise Guy
Noslom is skillful with wands, rods and staves and deos level% extra damage
when wielding them. Noslom's rate of MP consumption is 5% + level%/4 less
than of everyone else.


=== Ajathar

Ajathar is a young man of 23 years old. His head is shaved bald,
but his face is gentle, and he has blue eyes.

Ajathar is a novice temple monk of the "Order". The "Order" is a religious
school where monks are raised, taught, and trained in the ways of defending
justice and righteousness. Ajathar was an ace student and now he has taken up
the vows of a monk himself. While he is very bright, he is a bit of a book
worm and not very interested in the outside world.

Ajathar's is somewhat naive and "green", but he's also very intelligent. He
sometimes has trouble dealing with dealing with some of the realities he
encounters but he always works to do what's right and defend people.

Ajtahar likes to wear his light blue monk's robe. Sometimes he needs to wear
glasses since his incessant book reading has worsened his eye sight.

Ajtahar's superior, Cid, sends him out on a mission to investigate the Staff,
Cid feels that Ajtahar needs to get out of the books and face reality to
truly learn what life is like.

==== Motivation

Ajathar is following his mentor's orders, but he also realizes that going out 
in the world is a great occasion for him to learn something new.

==== Growth

Ajathar can learn from his trip that not all is like in his books, and that 
hinding from the reality out there is not a good idea. He also learns how to 
deal with all sorts of people, pleasant and less pleasant. He learns
how to gain comrades and make friends, and go through hardships with them
together. Or not.

==== Primary Ability

. Prayer
Prayer has one this has one of two effects. If any of the enemies are undead,
Prayer will attempt to destroy them. If there are no undead present, Prayer
will cure the party members a bit.

==== Secondary Ability

. Holy Roller
Ajathar is skillful with healing magic, so for him it has level% extra effect.
Any attack by a weapon used by Ajathar gains the elemental power of "White",
unless it already has a different elemental type.

=== Corin

Corin is a young man of 24 years old. He has red hair and bight yellow eyes,
due to his Runic skills.

Corin is a Rune Knight. The Rune Knights are a secret organization that has as
goal to protect and help the people of Anistal. Only the Rune Knights know the
secret of engraving the power of the elements into weapons and into themselves.

The Rune knights wield this power to fight evil, or at least what they see as 
such, all whilst staying undetected in the shadows. Since the war, the number 
of Rune knights has dwindled, and now it seems that only Corin and his master
Largon remain.

Corin likes to wear an orange Runic Armor, which had been the sign of Rune
Knights of old.

Since Corin always has to get in action whenever the people of Anistal get
into problems, he has the habit of seeing the worst situations, and people
at their worst. This has made him a bit of a pessimist and he's not above
cracking a cynical joke once or twice. But if you get to know him
and get close to him, you'll see he's a warm hearted man underneath
his prickly shell.

==== Motivation

Corin is a classic hero who believes in fighting evil. He has his
doubts about Nostik since unlike most, the Rune Knights know that he might
have been involved with Malkaron before. Corin also wants to honor his old
master Largon, who is now too old and too frail to fight together with him.

==== Growth

During his journey, Corin can learn that there is also much joy and happiness
in Anistal and that his pessimism is not always founded. He learns to
trust other people than his master, learns that all work and no play makes
Corin a dull boy. He learns to have fun and relax, to drink his wine and be
merry. Or not.

==== Primary Ability

. Rune
Rune allows this allows Corin to cast an elemental type spell on himself.
The different spells give Corin resistance (and weakness) to certain
elements and make his weapon attack with the infused element, unless if
it already had an element. Rune can be used once per battle and lasts until
Corin is knocked out or 7 turns pass.

==== Secondary Ability 

. Rune Addict
Corin is skillful with any elemental magic and does level% extra damage 
with it. Furthermore Corin's resistance versus Earth, Fire, Air, and Water 
rises to 5% + level/4.


=== Sarina

Sarina is a young woman of about 26 years old. She has long blonde hair and 
blue eyes. Her face is a bit buff but nevertheless pretty.

Sarina is a lumberjack by profession. She comes form a large but relatively 
poor family, and is the youngest child. As such she had to fight her bothers 
often and a result she became a physically strong woman. Not many jobs were 
open to her, but her strength soon lead her to become a lumberjack. During her 
work as a lumberjack she sometimes encounters monsters, but she's learned to 
deal with them swiftly in order to keep on working efficiently.

Sarina likes to wear comfortable brown clothes on the job, but in her free
time she wears a cute pink dress that her mother had made for her from
scraps of salvaged cloth.

Sarina also has a feminine and caring side. According to tradition, her older 
brothers should help her parents. But Sarina has allowed them to go out in the
world to find fortune. She has taken responsibility of taken care of her 
parents in stead. Sarina was able to save up some money to allow her parents 
to live off for a few years. But it's not going to be enough when they get 
older and unable to work themselves.

Sarina is a hard worker and helpful to others to a fault. She dreams of
finding love with a good husband and settling down, but first she want to be
sure her parents will be able to retire comfortably. If anything bad could be
said about her then it's that she should stand up for herself more and not
let other people's desires overrule her own so much. For the rest she has a
lovely disposition and a kind, loving heart.

==== Motivation

Sarina hopes to earn a comfortable pension for her parents, so she can finally
pursue her own dreams.

==== Growth

Sarina can learn during her travel that there is more to life than just helping
others. She learns it's ok to look out for yourself, because no one can pull others out of a swamp if they are not solidly grounded themselves. Or not.

=== Primary Ability 

. Sweep
Attack all targets at once. The attack is not as powerful as a single attack by
Sarina, and critical hits are not possible. Sweep can be used as long as there 
is more than one target to attack. As well, Sweep is only possible with 
bladed weapons (axe, sword, and dagger).

== Secondary Ability

. Ax Crazy
Sarina is especially skillful with an ax and does level% extra damage
when wielding one. Furthermore, she is used walking out in the cold of
winter or heat of summer, so she resists Fire and Ice element 5% + level%.

== Non-player characters

=== Nostik

Nostik pretends to be a cryptic old man hiding out on a smaller island of
the Anistal archipelago. However, he is the current Archwizard, responsible
for safekeeping the first half of the Staff of Xenarum. He is now hiding
out for fear that Malkaron may find him and kill him out of revenge. However,
his goal is to obtain the Staff, ostensibly to put it into safe keeping again.

He claims that Malkaron forced him to reveal the location of the first part of
the staff and then enslaved him using it's power. He was finally able to escape
Malkaron's grasp and even tried to steal the Staff from him.

However,  when he went for the staff it already had disappeared, leaving him
wondering at what happened to it. Seeing that the monsters were going out of
control, and fearful of Malkaron's anger, he decided to escape and look for the
whereabouts of the rod after he made it to safety. He found that for some
reason, monsters were on his pursuit whenever he left a town or village, so
finally he was forced to settle down on a secluded island.

Nostik first tried to send a few of his trusted men to find the staff, but
they all ended up empty handed. Acfter 20 years of nothing but frustration,
he finally decided  to summon forth 8 promising young people in the hope that
they would be more successful in helping him him find the Staff of Xenarum.

.Hidden agenda
Nostik was not really enslaved by Malkaron. Rather, he joined Malkaron
willingly as the first of his tree lieutenants because he felt sympathy for
Malkaron's goals and Malkaron.

When he felt Malkaron was going out of line with the staff, he decided to steal
it, however, in the deepest of his heart, it was the desire for power that 
drove him. He wanted to become the leader of the hordes and conquer Anistal
for himself, then fashion it into his own playground. However, he is still 
fearful of Malkaron's revenge at his betrayal, that is why he is hiding away.

Also he doesn't know who has the staff half. He know thats Malkaron does not,
but he does not know how Binderak and Rinnee are involved, or what happened to
them.

He wants the adventurers he summoned to collect the whole staff for him so he 
can use it to become the new ruler of Anistal, "for the sake of the people", 
or so he deludes himself.

=== Malkaron

Malkaron is the "Dark Lord" who had somehow obtained the first half of the
Staff of Xenarium, and used it to summon and control hordes of enemies 20 
years ago. Went on a rampage though Anistal until the Staff was stolen
by Binderak. Then Malkaron disappeared and wasn't heard of again. It was even 
rumored that one of the more powerful summoned monsters consumed Malkaron.

When Malkaron was still seen, he would wear a jet black armor that covered all
of his face and body. However, Malkaron's voice was said to be surprisingly
clear and sharp for such an impressive, commanding person.

.Hidden agenda
In reality Malkaron is still alive and wants to find the whole of the staff 
back. Malkaron wants to use the staff to create an orderly society ruled by
fear. In this way, Malkaron wants to honor the oath of Mallow. Malkaron also
wants vengeance against Nostik for his betrayal, although that is a secondary
concern.

=== Binderak

Binderak was the second of the three lieutenants of Malkaron. He stole the half 
of Staff of Xenarum from Malkaron 19 years ago before the Battle of Crooked hill,
in the hope it would make him all powerful. However, since he was a pure
warrior who knew little about magic, he was unable to use the staff at all.

Somehow, monsters would pursue him whenever he left a town  or a village. So,
exasperated, he ran away and hid in the Kingdom Of Esteria.

He has been trying to figure out ever since how to use the staff. But he has
difficulties understanding magic, and he is reluctant to ask anyone for help,
so his investigations of the Staff have been largely unfruitful. But the staff
has slowed down his aging, and made him much more powerful physically.
Now, even Malkaron would not dare attack him directly.

His incessant fiddling with the staff has some unpleasant side effects that he
himself ignores. For unknown to him, the staff generates Portals that allow
monsters to enter Anistal in random locations.

=== Rinnee

Rinnee was the third of Malkaron's three lieutenants. Unlike the two other
lieutenants she kept a low profile, but ultimately she was the most loyal of 
the three.

Since the war and Malkaron's disappearance, she has chosen to live a
secluded life. she did not look out for her master because she believes Malkaron
will summon her when needed. She owes her life to Malkaron, and is fierecly
loyal. But she knows Nostik and Binderak first hand, and might be willing to 
talk about them in much more detail to the heroes, if only they manage to find
her.

=== Chayin

Chayin is the current Archwizardress, and guards the second half of the Staff
of Xenarum. She is currently keeping a low profile for fear that Malkaron
would seek out the half of the Staff left in her care.

=== Nella 

Nella is a professional hunter. Nella hails from a family of professional 
hunters, who clean out monster nests when they are dangerous or bothersome to 
humans, or escort officials through dangerous areas. Since the war 20 years ago, 
many more monsters are on a rampage, so business has been steady, but the job is 
not without dangers.

Nella is Casandra's older sister. She is 37 years old. About 21 years ago,
Nella found Casandra when she was out hunting.  Cassandra was but a young child
lying on the scene of a battle in a conflict of those days, near a burnt cart.
At first Nella thought it was hopeless, but then she noticed that Casandra still 
breathed. Nella took care of Casandra's wounds as well as she could and 
carefully carried her home. Nella's family has since taken care of Casandra 
as their own and adopted her as their daughter.

Of the two sisters, Nella is the one who has the most physical prowess, while 
Casandra hunts her prey using magic.

=== Barl

Barl was the old master of Noslom. In the time of the war 20 years ago, he was 
a very famous Sage of about 40 years old who traveled the land preaching peace 
and understanding as well as researching history and magic. He disappeared 20
years ago when he and Noslom met Binderak. Binderak used the staff and it 
went haywire, summoning an uncontrolled gang of monsters. Barl fought
those monsters and is said to have been killed while defeating them.

In reality Barl is still alive and is using his disappearance as a cover to 
investigate the truth behind the Dark Lord and the Staff. In 20 years there is 
much he has found out, and he knows something of the link between Malkaron 
and Mallow.

Barl is also looking into ways to get the staff back from Binderak and seal it 
away, but since Barl is forced to work from the shadows, he hasn't been very 
successful in this endeavor.

=== Largon

Largon is the master of Corin, and the last master of the Rune Knights.
The Rune Knights are a secret organization that has as goal to protect and
help the people of Anistal.

Only they know the secret of engraving the power of the elements into weapons.
The Rune knights wield this power to fight evil, or at least what they see
as such, all whilst staying in the shadows.

Since the last war, the amount of Rune Knights has dwindled, and now only
Largon and Corin seem to remain. And Largon himself is too old and too frail
now to use the Rune powers anymore, so he cannot join into the fight.


=== Cid 

Cid is a wise monk of about 50 years old. Cid sends Ajathar out
into the world so he can learn from it. XXX please complete


=== Derig

Derig is the old man found in the Grotto. He is the grandfather of Jen,
in Ekla, and a friend of Tsorin in Andra.

You can find Derig either by embarking on Ekla's SideQuest (to get rid of the
monsters in the UndergroundTunnel), or by speaking to Tsorin who asks you to
give him an encrypted message.

=== Dungar

Dungar is a retired thief, who lives on a lovely estate with his wife Emma.
He used to be a high ranking member of the Embers Guild, but he left because it
was becoming too violent.

=== Emma

Emma is Dungar's wife; she lives on DungarsEstate

=== Gelik

Gelik is an old man who has lived in, or near, Maldea all his life. He's picked
up a few snippets of information from here and there, maybe from his old
buddies who frequent the Seaside Inn. In general, he's only too happy to pass
on what he knows.

=== Rufus

Rufus is the red-bearded miner who you will find living in a hut on
Karnoks Pass. He has explored the OpalCave and lived to tell the tale!

=== Summin XIV

Summin XIV is the king of Sunarin, and Temmins Master. Because Sunarin
is a thief town, the king almost never wears his regalia but prefer plain
clothes. He normally hides in a small house in the inner city of Sunarin.
The Royal Palace is mainly used as a decoy or for official occasions.

In contrast to his thieving subjects, Summin XIV is a just king who worries
about the Staff of Xenarum. He tasks his loyal knight, Temmin to
find out who Nostik is and what his intentions are with the Staff.

=== Trezin

Trezin is a Estate Agent, who lives in Maldea. He's a bit of a creep, but
basically harmless.

=== Tsorin

Tsorin is the Captain of the Guard in Andra. He's an expert on Goblins and will
help your quest.

He will not allow anyone through the Mountain Fort as the Oracle Statue had
been stolen from the Denorian Village. This has caused all sorts of upheaval 
in the land, and so is unsafe for any adventurer to travel there.

If you can prove that you have authorization to pass through the Fort, Tsorin 
will let you pass. He will give you an encrypted message which you must deliver 
to Derig. The message's contents are encrypted, so you cannot read what is said.

Once Derig reads the note, he will respond and Tsorin will let you continue 
on your journey.

=== Mallow

Mallow is a is a mysterious woman who is related to Nostik. About 21 years ago,
when she was only 23, before Malkaron rose to power, she and her family were on
the run for a fierce regional conflict. Her family's cart got caught in the
crossfire and was set ablaze. Her husband was killed instantly. Mallow escaped
with her daughter but the child died from smoke inhalation. She had no time to
mourn her family, so intense was the battle, and she had to run for her life.
From that moment she took a solemn oath and swore to do whatever it would take 
to bring peace to Anistal.

After she escaped, she went to look for ways to bring het oath into reality.
From those days she wore nothing but black clothes in sign of her perpetual
mourning. However, she was but a woman alone with no followers. She investigated
the possibilities until she heard the legend of the Staff. Determined, she went
to look for the Archwizard Nostik to try and make him reveal the location of
his half of the Staff by any means possible. She pretended to want to be his
student of magic.

Nostik at first protested that she should study with
the the Archwizardress Chayin. Mallow insisted and Nostik caved, most likely
because he also felt attracted to her. Mallow noiced Nostik attraction,
but let time pass to quell any suspicion and to learn the details of Magic.
After all, she would need that knowledge to use the Staff once she obtained it.
Finally when the time was right, Mallow seduced Nostik and took the medallion
from him which was both the key and the indication for the location of his
half of the staff.

Mallow snook out and immediately set for the place where the Staff was hidden.
When she arrived there, she opened the door with the medallion, and took the
Staff. But to her surprise, someone called out to her and asked her what she 
would use the staff for. It was Nostik who had woken op son after she left and 
who was hot on her track.

Mallow explained calmly that she wanted to use the staff to bring peace to
Anistal, and that she would kill Nostik if he opposed her. To her surprise,
Nostik agreed with her goal and implored her to allow him to become her 
follower. While she had her doubts about Nostik, Mallow allowed him
to become her first lieutenant.

They tried various ways of using the Staff, but they were only able to summon
and controlling monsters, or reinforcing Opal. They also sought various ways
ways to raise a peacekeeping army, but they were not very successful in either
pursuit. Only Binderak and a few of his men were willing to join. Then, one day
in town, Malory heard that before, when the monsters were common, humans would
band together and fight each other much less often.

It is then that she got the idea to use the staff's ability to summon and
control the monsters to bring peace to Anistal. She would willingly play the 
role of "Dark Lord" in order to unite the people against her in the clear hope 
that it would bing peace. And if per chance they failed, and the "dark lord" 
was to conquer all of Anistal, then that "dark lord" would be able to enforce 
peace though fear of "his" hordes.

Form that day, 20 years ago, Mallow and Nostik conjured a horde of monsters to 
unite the people of Anistal against them. Mallow started to wear a full, black
suit of armor that hid her face and figure, and started to call herself the 
"Dark Lord"... and so the back story of KQ Renaissance began...





