=KQ Renaissance Plot
:author: Beoran


== Introduction

In the seventh parallel universe, in a distant galaxy shines Kox Sol,
the white star. And around Kox Sol orbits Kox Quona, a planet of magic and
monsters. Thousands of years ago, human kind landed on Kox Quona but
those days have been long forgotten. Nevertheless, since that beginning,
humans have tried to make a home out of this strange, hostile world.

At first the monsters proved to be a serious obstacle. No matter how many
were killed, new ones kept on crawling out of the sea. And some of these
monsters wielded dangerous and mysterious powers over the elements. But then,
humans found that they too could learn to manipulate and control these
energies that emanated from the planet. They called this power
"Magic" and those who could control it "Wizards". And with Magic, humans
were finally able to establish safe havens for themselves in the wild lands
of Kox Quona.

One of the famous legends about such a safe haven on Kox Quona is that of
Anistal, the blessed islands. According to the legends, the Wizards of Anistal
of the academy of Xenarum had perfected their craft, and created the most
powerful magical artifact Kox Quona had ever seen: the Staff of Xenarum.
The Wizards of Anistal then used the Staff of Xenarum to envelop the Anistal
archipelago in a magical bubble that would isolate it from the rest of Kox
Quona in order to keep all monsters out.

The side effect of this was that Anistal was now no longer visible from the
outside, and anyone who tried to reach the islands would find that it seemed
as though they had disappeared completely. But for the in habitants of Anistal
an era of peace had begun. No more did new monsters crawl out of the seas. And
so, before long, humans eradicated most of the beasts left on the islands. The
monsters had become nothing more than bad memories and stories to scare children.

The Wizards of Anistal, worrying that their work would be undone, broke the
staff of Xenarum in two parts. The Archwizard and head Archwizardess of Xenarum
both hid one of the two parts without revealing the location of
the other part to each other. Since that day, the knowledge location of each of
the halves has been passed down by the Archwizard and Archwizardess
on their deathbeds to their most trusted student.

And so the blessed islands of Anistal enjoyed hundreds of years of peace.
But unfortunately, the absence of monsters soon started to prove problematic
in an unexpected way. Before Anistal became a safe haven, the people sometimes
would fight with each other. But normally, they would solve
these problems soon because they were forced to band together to fight the
never ending return of monsters from the sea.

But now, with no more monsters to force humans to work together, conflicts began
to erupt here and there. Crime, theft and murder were on the rise. 
And some grew a strong desire for power, wealth and fame. Finally, peace was 
lost and a great war broke out on the Anistal islands.

One of the most ruthless armies involved in this war was the black host of
Malkaron. Malkaron had somehow obtained one of the two part of the Staff of
Xenarum, and with it he was somehow able recruit and to control monsters.
His beastly hordes laid waste to much of Anistal. No one seemed able to
stop him. But at the battle of the Crooked Hill, Malkaron's beasts went
out of control and his army dissipated.

Malkaron himself was no where to be found. Rumor went that Malkaron's half of
the Staff of Xenarium had been stolen from him. Malkaron then would have been
unable to control his horde, and would have been forced to run and hide.
Months passed, and Malkaron wasn't seen nor heard from. Some even rumored that
his own beasts had devoured him. Likewise Malkaron's half of the staff of
Xenarium seemed to have disappeared.

Whatever truly happened, the people of Anistal breathed a sigh of relief.
Tired of the war, they settled their differences in a treaty and started
rebuilding their cities.

Nineteen years have passed since then, and peace seems to have returned to the
blessed islands of Anistal. But what really happened with Malkaron? And
where is the Staff of Xenarium? Eight young people's lives will take a sudden
turn as they get involved in the search for that magnificent artifact.
They are summoned to participate in the KQ Renaissance!



== Plot Outline 

This chapter describes the plot and story in large outline without going into
the various details.

=== General remarks

On important point, I think, is that the choice of the main character should 
be reinstated. The story will not be fundamentally different, but it makes 
things a whole lot more interesting.

Secondly, apart from the plot, there will be 8 Character Quests (called "side
quests") before on the Wiki, one for each playable character. If the Character
Quest is not for the main character, then the Character Quest allows you to add
the character whose quest it is to the party. If the character quest of for the
chosen party leader, then the lead  character's abilities are slightly
improved afterwards. You can do these character quests at any time in the game.

Finally, the game should have 3 different endings, a "bad", "normal"  and 
"good" one. The bad ending which happens if you don't find out the truth about
Nostik and his intentions. The normal ending happens if you don't find out the
truth about Malkaron.


=== Character Quests

There will be 8 character quests, one for each playable character:

==== Ajathar's Character Quest

Close the Tunnel Portal between Ekla and Randen with the Rod Of Cancellation.

===== Casandra's Character Quest

Rescue Randen's Mayor and Nella from the Orc Camp.

==== Temmin's Character Quest 

Return the sacred GoblinJewel to the GoblinKing's tomb in the temple north 
of Andra.

==== Corin's Character Quest 

Defeat the troll in the cave west of the Denorian Village.

==== Sarina's Character Quest 

Stop the monsters from gaining access to the Oracle's portal.

==== Ayla's Character Quest 

Loot the Ember's Guild in Sunarin.

==== Sensar's Character Quest

Defeat all the monsters in the Opal Dragon's cave in Karnok's Pass.

==== Noslom's Character Quest

Find back Barl.



=== Beginning 

==== Nostik's Summons

The game begins when each of the 8 characters are quietly summoned to
ReishaMountain where a man greets you and escorts you to NostiksManor.
Then, the player can choose the main character.

Arrived at the mansion, Nostik himself asks for your help. He suspects that
the staff had been stolen and that the monsters are really just Malkaron's
minions trying to get it back. He doesn't detail much about the wand except
it's looks, and the fact that is has been broken in two parts.

He also recommends you travel per two at most (May we drop this if we can put
more characters in the battle? Two is a bit few nowadays. there should be
an active back row you can swap out at any time at the very least.) Nostik
also recommends that you close any Portals you may find along the way.

Once Nostik fills you in with your quest, everyone departs quickly, so you do
not have time to join up with them before they leave. When you leave the manor,
you find yourself on a small continent west of a town and a small Grotto.
and so, the adventure begins.


=== Middle

==== Ekla

Ekla is a town on a small island near Nostik's Mansion, where you learn that 
one of the portals appeared in their Underground Tunnel. A Dark Imp is blocking 
anyone from passing through.

==== Undergound Tunnel

This Tunnel leads from the small island of Ekla to a larger one near
Randen. Get past the monsters here and slay the Dark Imp.

==== Randen

Once you reach Randen, Ajathar's Character Quest becomes available. 
Ajathar is Randen's entrance against the monsters from the portal in the 
underground Tunnel. Close that portal to get him to join.

In randen you learn that learn that the town's bridge has been destroyed and 
that the Mayor and his guards have disappeared as well. Your objective is to 
get the bridge rebuilt so you can cross.

Casandra's Character Quest becomes available once you hear of the mayor going
missing. You can go to the Orc Camp where Casandra has gone to rescue Nell, 
her sister, who was escorting the mayor of Randen. You will find that (if she 
is not the party leader) she was captured as well.

When you leave Randen, you find yourself on a larger continent. To the west is
the burned-out bridge, Brayden Bridge, and to the south is the Orc Camp.

==== Brayden Bridge

Repairmen are working on the bridge now, and when you try to leave, a monster
attacks the workers which you must defeat. Once it is defeated, you are told 
that the work on the bridge can continue and it will be completed by the 
following morning. Return to Randen and rest at the inn so it can be repaired.

Once the bridge is complete, you can cross the river. There, you will find a 
fort, a city named Andra, and a Temple.

==== MountainFort

You will pass the fort at first, since the guards won't allow you go through
without authorization.


==== Andra

The town north of the fort is Andra. Tsorin is here who is the only one who can
give authorization to get through the fort. You also learn that a Monster Portal
has appeared in their Temple to the north as well.

Here your objective is to get Tsorin to let you pass by returning with a note 
from Derig.

==== Temple 

Once you can reach the Temple, Temmin's Character Quest becomes available.


==== Andra Fort

Once you get authorization from Tsorin, you can pass through the fort.
To the south you will find a village named the Denorian Village, and two
caves (one to the north of the village, and one to the west).

==== Denorian Village

The village is the home of the Denorians, a group of "friendly goblins" who had
their prized OracleStatue stolen. A troll was last seen taking it into the cave
to the west. 

Objective: Learn why the troll took the statue in the first place.

Corin's Character Quest becomes available from this point.

Their statue had been broken in half by Malkaron's men, who took one of the
halves to the Oracle's TravelPoint. XXX this may change later!

==== Oracle's Tower

To the north of the Denorian Village are the caverns which lead to the castle of
the Oracle. She is famous for creating a transportation device between the
caverns and Pulcannen. She tells you that the Denorians had locked the
entrance to it when the statue was stolen but the monsters became desperate
and have begun mining through the walls to get to it again. The Oracle asks you
to go make sure they don't get through.

From this point Sarina's Character Quest is available.

If you oblige her then she will finally be willing to answer your questions
about the Staff. She tells you that she has scryed that Binderak has stolen
the first part of the Staff, and that the second part of the staff still
rest safely under Chayin's the Archwizardress's care. She says that you will
have to cross the depths of the sea to reach Binderak, so she recommends that
you go to Pulcannen where they have equipment that allows you to breathe under
the sea.

Objective: Use the Travel Point so you can get to Pulcannen.


==== Maldea

Because of the side-effects of the statue going into the Travel Point, instead
of being transported to Pulcannen (in the south) like you expected, you
actually end up in Maldea (to the west).

You find Gelik who is an "avid historian" who tells you that Malkaron's armies
all used and wore Opal weapons/armour. He doesn't know whether it was because
it's such a rare material or if there was another reason their entire army was
reported to be outfitted with it.

He knows that there are some people who have some broken pieces of the armor,
and gives you tips on how to obtain them for yourself (usually by exchange or
duel). You can also buy a house here where you get the spell Warp and can rest
anytime for free. You notice that many people in this down are sick.

Objective: Locate all the pieces of the Opal weapons/armour.

When you leave, you find an estate to the east of town and a city of thieves 
to the south.

==== Dungars Estate

You find an estate to the east of town but Dungar is not there, so you can't 
do anything there yet.

==== Sunarin the Thief Town

To the south is Sunarin which is a city full of thieves. You find Dungar there 
who explains that the thieves just stole the OpalHelmet from him. Objective:
Defeat the thieves and obtain the Opal Helmet.

From here Ayla's Character Quest becomes available.

To the east of the city is a mountain pass, and to the south is a Travel Point 
to the Coliseum as well as another city (further south).

==== Coliseum

You learn that you can get the OpalShield in the Coliseum, which you find south 
of Sunarin. Trayor owns the shield, and anyone who can defeat him in battle can
receive it as the reward.

Objective: Defeat 5 combatants, and then Trayor, to obtain the Opal Shield.

==== Ajantara

South of the city of thieves, on the southern-most tip of the continent, is 
Ajantara. You learn that the OpalBand will be there. When you get into the town,
you learn that the mayor's adopted daughter Breanne had been kidnapped by the 
Shadow Walker Cult and is being held in the tower on Sharia Island. She was 
seen wearing the band before she was kidnapped. 

Objective: Rescue Breanne to obtain the Opal Band.

==== Karnok's Pass

When you return to Ajantara, the mayor gives you a key which can open the 
locked doors in the pass. These doors lead to the Opal Cave where Malkaron had 
mined all the metal for his armies' opal weapons and armour. The caves had been 
infected with monsters, including a nasty Opal Dragon, who guards the 
Opal Armour. Objective: Defeat the Opal Dragon and obtain the Opal Armour.

From this point Sensar's Character Quest becomes available.

==== Pulcannen

Pulcannen is a city of high technology. You gi theer to look for a way to 
breathe under the sea just to hear that the new invention, the Air Tank was 
stolen by Malkaron partisans who are hiding in a cave up north. The cave is
protected by a magical force field severely hurts anyone who is not
wearing full opal armor.

There is an Opal Smythe in Pulcannen who can mend the armor for you.
It costs a lot, but it be will prepared expertly enough that you pierce the
magical barrier that protects the tunnels just north of Ajantara.

Objective: Have all your Opal weapons/armour mended.

Upon reaching Pulcannen, Noslom's Character Quest becomes available.
(Note from the author: Still need to find out where Barl is myself!)


==== Cave of Malkaron's Followers

In this cave, since the war ended, a few of Malkaron's fervert followers have 
made their hideout.  They have setup a base of operations in the tunnels north 
of Ajantara until the Staff Of Xenarum is found again. They have collected several
magical artifacts while looking for the staff themselves. One of the followers 
mentions an Air Tank, which lets you breathe underwater.

Objective: Loot their treasure rooms and find the Air Tank.

If you search well, you will also find instructions about a ferry to 
Malkaron's island. You can go there but the ferry boat won't be there yet.

(Note from the author: I left out the guards discovering you,
because a whole army hiding cloe to a city was unrealistic. It's just a
pocket of fervent Malkaron followers who you could probably take on if you
wanted)

==== Oracle Again

When you return to the Oracle with the air tank she tells you of the Underwater
Tunnel to the Kingdom of Esteria where Binderak is hiding. If you talk to her 
again after that she tells you of the Door of Xenarium which holds the secret 
path to the hidden School of Xenarum where Chayin hides her half of the staff.
You could go visit either location.

==== Underwater Tunnel

The entrance to the underwater Tunnel is as a mountain tile not far from sea
near Maldea. If you find it too soon you can't proceed because there is no way
to enter the water. After passing through the harrowing tunnel,
you arrive on the island known as the Kingdom Of Esteria.

==== Esteria City

The Kingdom of Estaria is mostly covered in dense forest. However, there is a 
rather large city not far from the Underwater Tunnel's mouth. Estaria is a 
rather secluded Kingdom whose citizens do not like foreigners very much. When 
you try to address them, most of them will refuse to talk to you. Nevertheless 
you must find out where Binderak is.

==== Binderak's Cave

Binderak's cave is hidden well in the forest, and only someone who
knows where it is can pinpoint it. If you face Binderak now, the bad 
ending ensues.

==== Door of Xenarum

The Door of Xenarum holds several mechanical guards that block your way, as
well as a door that only opens if eight people stand in front of it.
If you make it through the door you will find a warp point to a small
location hidden in the mountains, the School Of Xenarum.

==== School of Xenarum

When you enter the school of xenarum, you will meet Chayin, who assures you
the second half of the rod is safe. However, the alarm is raised. Since you
opened the door of Xenarum, the monsters were able to follow your path, and
they are attacking the gate. After repelling many waves of monsters,
suddenly you realise that it might be a diversion. But it is too late, when
you rush to the side of Chayin, she lies wounded, her medallion taken by
Malkaron who steals the second half of the staff and leaves before you can do
anything about it.

Chayin suggests that you either give chase and go to Malkaron's island
to retrieve the second part of the staff, or go secure the first part of the
staff in the the Kingdom of Estaria.

For the good ending you should go to Malkaron's island first.

==== Ferry to Malkaron's Island

This ferry moors at a tile camouflaged as a normal tile north of Ajantara.
If you get there before the happenings in the School of Xenarum, then
the ferry simply isn't there. after the ferry is there but the boatsman will 
chase you unless if you wear a full opal armor. Then he will ask you 
"All hail..." and you must reply "Malkaron!", or get into a difficult fight.

==== Malkaron's Island

This island used to be the base of power of Malkaron on which there are two 
notable locations, Malkaron's Fortress and the Sheep's Nest.


==== Malkaron's Fortress

Malkaron's fortress still stands, however it was abandoned twenty years ago.
Now that you reach the fortress, there are monsters there again, no doubt
summoned by the second half of the staff of Xenarum.

You make it to the throne room and battle a boss monster there, but find that
there is no trace of Malkaron. However, if you enter the bedroom and look
around, you will find and old book, Mallow's diary. It contains part of
Mallows' story but it stops abruptly when she writes that she is going to
become an apprentice of Nostik... 

There is also a room with the paintings of Malkaron and his three Lieutenants.
On the first you recognize Nostik and the label says as much. On the second
painting, you see a strong looking man labeled as "Binderak". On 
the third painting you see a redheaded woman named "Rinnee".

==== Sheep's Nest

The Sheep's nest is a steep climb up the mountain. There high, near the forest
limit is a small village of rugged shepherds. In that village, a redheaded
shepherdess lives a quiet life tending her sheep. If you went to Malkaron's 
Fortress and saw the painting of Rinnee, you will recognize the woman as her.

If you recognize her you can talk to her and she will reveal some information
about the true intentions of Binderak and Nostik to you.


==== Nearing the End

From here on, you can go to Nostik's mansion for the normal ending.
To get the good ending you must first scour Anistal for fragments of knowlegde 
of the past to find out who Malkaron truly is.

=== Endings

==== Bad Ending

The bad ending in particular happens when you go fight Binderak without
knowledge of Nostik. In this ending the heroes defeat Binderak and get his
Staff, and then Nostik appears in front of them. He presses them to give him
the Staff, so he can use it against Malkaron, who is he know to be coming.

With some hesitation, the heroes give the staff to Nostik, who hides it under
his clothes.

And surely Malkaron shows up, bmlasting the heroes aside with the second part
of the staff, and demanding the first part of the staff.


However, to the amazement of our heroes, Nostik does not fight, but swears
allegeance to Malkaron and asks for forgiveness for his betrayal. To prove his
loyalty he will give the first part of the staff to Malkaron without a fight.
He pulls out a Staff from his clothes and puts it on the ground, then steps 
back.

Malkaron hesitates to judge Nostik's face, but then, convinced, steps forward
and takes the staff. Pomptly, a net of energy encases Malkaron and shocks him.
The second part of the staff falls on the ground. Nostik bursts out in 
laughter and explains that it was a trapped fake staff part he placed there.
Now he will rule Anistal supreme. He takes the second part of the Staff,
merges it with the first, and unleashes a huge explosion that destroys 
the whole cave, and all the player characters.

the end?

==== Normal Ending

To hear the truth about Nostik, you must find Malkaron's third lieutenant, 
Rinnee. This must happen before you confront Binderak. Finding 
Rinnee will only be possible if you have all 8 characters. Then you must find
Nostik and confront him with the facts you learned.

If you are able to confront Nostik, the way to Binderak lies open, and then 
the party will not be destroyed after confronting the latter. Malkaron will
show up and forcefuly take the first part of the stick from the party. But when Malkaron notices Casasandra lying on the ground suddenly he turns around and leaves without a fight.

Then the road opens to either the normal or the good ending.

The normal ending will happen place if you next confront Malkaron without
the required knowledge about Mallow. In the normal ending, the main character 
can obtain the rod and uses it as they had intended. Some foreshadowing is 
done that this may not necessarily end well for them.

The End.

==== Good Ending

To hear the truth about Malkaron and Mallow, you need to of course know the 
truth about Nostik first, then talk to 8 different people to hear the fragments
of the truth about the past, namely Cid, Largon, Nella, Barl, Summin XIV,
Chayin, Gelik and Tsorin. This will require several of the playable character's 
start locations to be made accessible. (They could be reused for an extra 
character quest.)

Then finally talk to Rinnee again, who, seeing that the heroes already know most
of the details, then finally decides to tell the whole truth about Malkaron.
But Rinnee does this not to help the heroes, but to make them understand why
she is Malkaron's loyal servant. She also warns them that if the heroes intend
to fight Malkaron, she will stop them or die trying. Then, she warps away to
the side of her master, who has returned to the Fortress of Malkaron.

If all this has happened, the game is set up for the good ending.
The heroes must then go to find and face Rinnee and Malkaron, and the
good ending will come if they emerge victoriously. There is some drama
around Mallow and Casandra, and in the end the heroes swear to maintain the
peace on Anistal.

In the good ending, the Staff of Xenarum is destroyed. The bubble around Anistal
remains intact, but a small portal to a location near a city in Kox Quona
outside Anistal is opened and remains stable. The people of Anistal will be
able to travel again, but they will also have to beware that some monsters
may enter their world ,and that they will have to band together to keep
the peace.


THE END. THANK YOU FOR PLAYING!










